We worked quite a bit on the log in capabilities.
It's now time to all the work on log out.
Well we do have a log out method which if we click it actually all works takes us back there.
But I want to do more than just take me back there.
For example one thing that's not done right now is I'm not cleaning up my storage.
I certainly should delete all the data in storage though otherwise if I reload this page I start in
locked in mode.
So we certainly want to do more when logging out and when to clear my data.
So that's the first thing I'll add here.
I have a store of data ends on methods.
So here in logout I'll reach out to my plugins to the storage plugin and there we can use clear to clear
all our storage but maybe we are storing our things which we don't want to lose.
So we can use remove in that case pass on an object with the key we want to remove and that key of course
here is off data in my case.
So on that key field in that object that path to remove I ad off data warps as a string though.
So now I should clear that.
That's good.
Now when everything I want to do is the way I log out is not really I want to do this anymore.
My app component here in all logout I do navigate.
This does work but maybe we'll log out due to our reasons and we soon will.
Then I basically want to log out whenever my user changes and conveniently in the off service we are
managing the user as a behavior subject so we can subscribe to that.
And whenever the user becomes no well whenever data is the case I want to redirect therefore in the
app component where I have my off service I will now implement the on an interface which is imported
from at Angola core.
So did I'm forced to add energy on it here and an NGO on it.
I'll reach out to the office service and there to the user is authenticate it key or field where I can
subscribe and I want to have a subscription here where I get that is off information and whenever that
is false.
And please be aware that in your if service user is authenticate it is built up on that user object
so it will be false.
Whenever we have no user whenever Data's false I want to navigate not down there but when ever the user
authentication status changes for whichever reason that may be because there will be other ways of logging
out than clicking that log out key at least soon there will be no doubt subscription should be cleaned
up.
Q Have a good code here.
So let's add a private property off sub which is of type sub scripture in and subscription is imported
from our ex.
J.S. and then with that added here in enjoin in it all store my subscription.
So off sub is equal to that subscription now to clean it up I'll import the on destroy interface which
is imported from at Anglia core and that added here forces me to add the energy on the string method.
So in there I check if we have our off sub and if we do that I'll call off sub unsubscribe and now we're
redirecting whenever we log out.
So the old logic certainly should work.
Let's wait for it at
log in here and log out.
Here we are now one thing you might have noticed is of course that I started in the on offline ticketed
mode even though it was authenticated.
That is because I'm not having a check here where a check if is off is false in which case I want to
navigate here.
Now if I save that and this reloads
and I do log in here and now reload this page.
I still start here.
Now why is that.
No reason for that simply is that at the moment this kicks in.
Before our off guard and you oughta log in logic there had a chance to complete this is simply faster
and therefore it navigates me to off before my off guard could overrule that to work around that.
Which options do we have.
Well we could add a new property private properties of Pfizer's previous off state that is maybe false.
Initially
and then here a check if we're not authenticated and the previous off state is not equal to does curd
off state.
So to say so we have a new off state then I want to redirect so if we're not authenticated and previously
we were authenticated.
Basically else I'll not do anything.
Now of course this also requires me to update the previous off state whenever I did authenticate so
I'll set this to is off then after checking this.
So now does reloads.
And now if I log in again I'm forwarded.
And if I reload this page now I do start here.
And also if I reload again and again however we have a bug if I go to a detailed page here and then
I log out.
Then I get this error could not load place and click Okay I go back to that page even so that is not
what I want.
Problem here simply is that I get my user I.D. but I set up an ongoing subscription.
And of course the user I.D. changes whenever I log out.
So that was the back year I should take one as it did in other places too and for that of course you
need to import take from our ex as operators and let me actually quickly search for user I.D. pipe here
across my project to rule out that I have this issue anywhere else.
Yeah here I would have a 2 and fetch bookings.
Again this should only take the latest user I.D. and not set up an ongoing subscription.
Otherwise you introduce blocks like this where you change something in the app and then it reloads and
then all of a sudden the ongoing subscription which only should have fetched data once causes problems.
Now if I go to the detail page here and I do log out this works properly of course.
Maybe we want to reset that form here though so that is one other thing I'll do real quick in the off
page and on submit.
Once I'm done calling this authenticate I can reach out to my forum and call reset on that forum.
That's just a minor thing of course but it ensures that now as it is reloads if I do log in here
I do reset this.
When I go back you can also see by the way that under application now the data really is cleared here
but it is also set.
If I do log in and they for now you'll see that data and hence now have a reload on the all first page
for example.
I start there again until I well log out again.
So this not all seems to work but this is always when we manually log ourselves out.
But what if the token actually expires.
Because remember it's only valid for when our.